CNV-5775: Created conceptual module describing boot source and template functionality (#32505)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virtual_machines/virtual_disks/virt-creating-and-using-boot-sources.adoc

toc::[]

include::modules/virt-about-vms-and-boot-sources.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-importing-rhel-image-boot-source-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Placeholder for module CNV-9002 Importing (Preparing?) a custom boot source image on Linux

// Placeholder for module CNV-8344 Creating a boot source for Microsoft Windows

include::modules/virt-adding-a-boot-source-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-creating-a-vm-from-a-template-with-an-attached-boot-source.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> == Additional resources

Reviewer: @sjhala-ccs, or a similar approach:

```
[id="#{context}-additional-resources"]
```

> == Additional resources

Author: Done, Thanks Jason and Shikha.

toc::[]

include::modules/virt-about-vms-and-boot-sources.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-importing-rhel-image-boot-source-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Placeholder for module CNV-9002 Importing (Preparing?) a custom boot source image on Linux

include::modules/virt-adding-a-boot-source-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-creating-a-vm-from-a-template-with-an-attached-boot-source.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="additional-resources_creating-and-using-boot-sources"]
== Additional resources
* xref:../../../virt/vm_templates/virt-creating-vm-template.adoc#virt-create-vms[Creating virtual machine templates]

> * link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/creating-windows-virtual-machines-from-existing-images-with-openshift-virtualization[Creating a PVC with a Microsoft Windows boot source]
> * link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/customizing-virtual-machine-templates-in-openshift-1[Customizing virtual machine templates for Microsoft Windows in {product-title}]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/creating-windows-virtual-machines-from-existing-images-with-openshift-virtualization[Create a Microsoft Windows boot source from a cloud image]
* link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/customizing-virtual-machine-templates-in-openshift-1[Customizing existing Microsoft Windows boot sources in {product-title}]
```

Author: Changed.

> * link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/creating-default-os-images-to-auto-clone-in-openshift-virtualization[Setting a PVC as a boot source for a Microsoft Windows template]

Reviewer 3: @bgaydosrh I think we should add a word about this blog using command-line, and not the gui-based method that is new to 4.8.

Reviewer 3: @cwilkers @jobbler can you think about better one-liners to describe these blog posts?

Author: @dankenigsberg - Sure, let me know when the names are finalized. I would like to get this merged by early next week. We can add the command-line info in the title for the blog you refer to. We are not supposed to display anything but titles in this section (no descriptions --- the titles should be descriptive, but don't have to match the blog title precisely).

Author: Changed title to: _Setting a PVC as a boot source for a Microsoft Windows template using the CLI_

* link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/creating-a-windows-base-image-for-openshift[Creating boot sources using automated scripting]

> * link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/automatic-installation-of-a-windows-vm-using-openshift-virtualization[Creating a boot source within a pipeline]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/automatic-installation-of-a-windows-vm-using-openshift-virtualization[Creating a boot source automatically within a pod]
```

Author: Changed.
